README.md, before:

<!-- hide -->
# Landing page con Node.js
<!-- endhide -->
```
🔥 Este ejercicio está diseñado para realizarse de 1 o máximo 2 personas.
   Si colaboras, discutes e intercambias ideas absorberás el contenido más rápidamente.
```

<p align="center">
  <img height="200" src="https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-landing-page-with-react/blob/master/preview.gif?raw=true" />
</p>

Tecnologías: HTML, CSS, JS, Node, express or express-generator.

La idea es crear con Bootstrap renderizar los diferentes elementos dentro del diseñor y pasar los datos a mostrar dinamicamente, todos los elementos se deven cargar en una vista principal llamada home.ejs


## 🌱  Cómo iniciar este proyecto

a) Configura express desde cero.

b) Crear el proyecto usando express-generator.

💡 Importante: guardar tu código en tu nuevo repositorio usando `add`, `commit` y `push`.

## Estrategia

Tomate unos minutos para analizar 🤯 la imagen y dibuja tu estrategia sobre ella, identifica los componentes que vas a utilizar de bootstrap:

![Strategy for building a landing page with react](https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-landing-page-with-react/blob/master/strategy.gif?raw=true)

Una vez terminada la estrategia puedes empezar a codificar, 
¡Empieza a programar 🎊!

Commit message:

the main readme in english was created

README.md, after:

<!-- hide -->
# Landing page con Node.js
<!-- endhide -->
```
🔥This exercise is designed to be performed by 1 or a maximum of 2 people.
If you collaborate, discuss and exchange ideas you will absorb the content more quickly.
```

<p align="center">
  <img height="200" src="https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-landing-page-with-react/blob/master/preview.gif?raw=true" />
</p>

Technologies: HTML, CSS, JS, Node, express or express-generator.

The idea is to create with Bootstrap render the different elements within the designer and pass the data to display dynamically, all the elements must be loaded in a main view called home.ejs.


## 🌱 How to start this project

a) Configure express from scratch.

b) Create the project using express-generator.

💡 Important: save your code to your new repository using `add`, `commit` and `push`.

## Strategy

Take a few minutes to analyze 🤯 the image and draw your strategy on it, identify the components that you are going to use from bootstrap:

![Strategy for building a landing page with react](https://github.com/breatheco-de/exercise-landing-page-with-react/blob/master/strategy.gif?raw=true)

Once the strategy is finished you can start coding,
Start programming 🎊!
